Ingredients
1 medium cauliflower
6 spring onions
2 tbsp sunflower or rapeseed oil
3 garlic cloves
1⁄2 jar of korma paste (about 100g)
400g can chickpeas
150ml coconut or single cream
1 vegetable stock cube
100g fine green beans
50g ground almonds
cooked basmati rice or naans and mango chutney, to serve
You’ll also need
chopping board
tea towel or kitchen paper (optional)
sharp knife
deep roasting tin (ours was 25 x 35cm)
kitchen scissors
tablespoon
teaspoon
garlic crusher
measuring scales
measuring jug
can opener
wooden spoon
Method
STEP 1
Before you get started take a look at our chopping and knife skills guide.

Heat the oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. If your chopping board doesn’t have anti-slip grips, lay a dampened tea towel or sheet of kitchen paper on the work surface, then place the board on top to stop it from slipping. Pull the leaves off the cauliflower, discarding any damaged or wilted ones and reserving the rest. Cut the cauliflower florets and leaves into bite-sized pieces, then cut the stalk into smaller pieces. Tip everything into the roasting tin.

STEP 2
Trim away the root end of the spring onions and peel off the papery skins. Snip the spring onions into small pieces directly into the tin using kitchen scissors. Drizzle the oil over the veg, then season with a pinch of salt and toss everything together with your hands. Put the tin on the middle shelf of the oven. Roast for 15 mins.

STEP 3
Peel the skins off the garlic cloves. After 15 mins, carefully remove the tin from the oven using oven gloves. Squeeze the garlic cloves directly into the tin using the garlic crusher.

STEP 4
Measure out the curry paste – you can do this using scales or estimate based on the quantity of paste in the jar – if it’s 200g, add roughly half (see tips below). Stir the curry paste and garlic into the veg.

STEP 5
Use a can opener to open the can of chickpeas, then tip into a sieve over a bowl to catch the liquid (see below for ideas on how to use this liquid and save on waste). Tip the drained chickpeas into the roasting tin.

STEP 6
Pour the coconut cream into the tin, then measure out 450ml water using a measuring jug and add this, too. Crumble over the stock cube.

STEP 7
Weigh out the green beans using scales. If they have stalks, snap or carefully cut them off. Add the beans to the roasting tin.

STEP 8
Weigh out the ground almonds using scales, then tip them into the tin. Hold the tin steady with one hand while wearing an oven glove and gently stir everything together using a wooden spoon. Return the tin to the oven for 25 mins, then carefully remove from the oven (there will be hot liquid in the tin). Serve the curry with cooked rice or naans and some mango chutney.